most important thing in life always be
the people right there right now
that's what's real hello Dominic Terrell
you don't know me you're about to you
did this number on show this is a big
bad brother
is it special forces assassin
they created a monster
you
looks like the sins of London have
followed us home we're being hunted Shaw
lives in a world that doesn't play by
your rules
like it or not you and your friends are
a part of it now I don't have friends
other family
this time it ain't just about being fast
somebody just walked me through what we
supposed to be doing
yo Roman you need some fresh air just
need to think Jenny better huh
everybody get
we got mercenaries after enough weapons
to wipe out small countries this right
here takes crazy to a whole nother level
what's the plan doc one nice Rock nope
I'm not looking
what's up now what's up now what's up
now
you